 So thank you for that. I do want to remind you that you can leave this focus group at any time. You know, and and I can say now I appreciate the time that you do spend with us. We didn't have as many people respond, so we had planned for some separate breakout rooms, but I think we'll all stay in one room and it doesn't seem to be a problem with, with so few of us to have a good conversation. And that is, the goal of focus groups is two, we'll have fewer questions than a regular interview, but we'll try to explore those in more depth. And we also want you all to talk to each other. And so that's the, the idea of the focus group rather than an individual interview. So I think that was that was in on sort of our guidelines and our rules this morning. Do you have any questions? Oh, the other thing is we are going to enable the chat. So if you would like to enter anything in chat, I'll also be saving that text file as part of the transcription record. So feel free to use chat. Feel free to just have your exchange. I think everybody could leave their mikes on if you're comfortable with that. And I invite you to ask me any questions before we begin about procedure or any questions. So thank you again. And I'll start with the first question. So could you please tell us about how you've used the KA website and then how would you rate your experience? I could start at this, please. Thank you. The first time I introduced myself with a web stack was when I was in length. That can gear studying nursing school and not the brightest experience because it's very generalized. I could not understand what is it, what is it about? Why do I need a war? That was my main concern, but then I found the missionary. I figured it out what it is and what it does. But I feel like even though it's a property of the state and it's supposed to be very professional. Could look bloat that I could put my pertaining for the eye, especially with the students. If I may just jump in. And when was that? You said your second year of studies. What year? That was? Two years ago. Okay. And have you checked the new website? I did my research last night and since we have this new thing and a little bit of progress, I would say electric grid. Thank you for myself, maybe because I use it for different reasons. And usually it's to get information regarding some news or decision being made by national qualification authority. So in a sense, it provides all the information that are there, but I think it lacks a little bit of data which we can use in order to produce. Let's say, we search for, we want to gather data to see how other institutions are doing so we can chop, tried to change our strategy or something like that. And it's basically a reflection of what we do want the decisions and some of the administrative instructions that are required for us to use in order to apply for accreditation re-accreditation process. Okay. So is there any specific type of data that you think would be useful for the K website? Like certain reports or yeah, I think because I was trying to state this later, but I think that a AA credit team, which is used for the professors, their fields of study and so on. Some of those are presented in pie charts when we enter the AP credit TB. So what we can do is maybe we can see the fields of studies that the PhDs have and have an overall idea of what is happening with at least the core staff of each programs that are registering themselves in a team. And so those and then of course, I know the accreditation office is trying to put the schedules and graduation rates, the dropout rate, and so on. But we can use those through a credit team and put it in the website or just leave it at a AA credit Jimmy, whoever has access, we can we can use that for for something that many. Okay. Great. Thank you. Marla. My experience is different. I mean, I've been following accreditation agency from its inception and it always had problems with, let's say, sustainability of the website. And it has changed a lot, but the main structure remains the same. What we have is general information about aka the accreditation process, the decision-making, the meetings, but not very useful information about the users other than those interested to read accreditation decisions. So also, we have now the programs are accredited programs that they are given in. I think you have to download an Excel list. And so what? I would say that although it has improved a little bit, it could further improve by getting some data that is easily readable for the public. For example. Instead of browsing a very big Excel file, put have readable data about institutions and they're accredited programs. And also, and then other types of open data for us to download if necessary, and things like that. Also, it's very important to have an overview about how institutions are improving. Now we have guidelines where institutions are rated, Let's say a standard level. Although there are inconsistencies sometimes how institutions are rated, but to improve the public accountability, but also the usability of the website. We could have, for example, a scorecard based on the external evaluations that are readable and comparable so that we can compare, for example, how economic programs output for me which is better. And maybe also use this information to as unset to see how can we improve, but also to see how the evaluation is done in terms of consistency, because this is one of our main concerns. To have consistency across evaluation in all institutions. As far as the team is concerned, I think the data don't display the correct information yet. Even and width you use if you login as users. So for example, I just checked it. You have in that platform only three accredited programs and I don't think that data is really, let's say, reliable either for research or for other aspect. The same can be said for staff. If you compare SAP data with k and start data with Misty, and it's only if you are a research and request this data because they come from St. they are not accessible to the public. You can also see discrepancies regarding the start data. So basically, if you are a researcher in Kosovo and you want to get basic indicators for education, you can not have reliable data either from key or from the ministry. So this is my experience so far. And for other users that are not professional, I mean, you need to, to read about an institution. You need to read an external evaluation report, which is in Muslim English of I don't know how many pages. So it's not presented in, let's say readable or weight. Maybe some other things. But I just wanted to say we will ask specific questions about the accreditation system. Okay. I appreciate your feedback on that, but we will ask specifically about that one. So so I wanted so again, thank you for that. But thinking about the website and I guess I should have said the new iteration or the new website. So just some thoughts about your use of that. So again, thank you for for your feedback on the website and then also the accreditation system. Are there any other oh, we did have some some new people join us. And so I wanted to read it looks like when we may have three additional people, including one of our project partners. So Professor new cheese with us now, she's one of the project partners. And if we would stop for a moment to have some introductions from our folks that just joined us, if that's okay. I'm not going to do that. The last names very well, but I think maybe the first things I can and can gain from UB T. Professor Nietzsche. Yes. Thank you, proposal workers. So welcome to everyone that has joined. Smooth thing. Actually, we have tried to prepare this meeting, but as you know, the online work, it's always you have double workshop WE events. So in some cases, real lack of how to say the previous time when we set it in office and we focused completely in one pass. So the main idea of this focus groups are just together as much as we can from all the stakeholders that are affecting the communication with the Ka. So we can design the processes and translate or transform them into the digital services. So even though we have prepared a list of sentences, are a list of questions within the focus groups, or a list of topics. It's always good to go beyond this and also have your opinion in the overall idea or the overall experiences that you have had so far with a key communication. So I don't have anything else to add is just welcome and we are here to hear you and welcome you and see how we will generate a lot of findings after this meeting. Thank you. End. So it looks like there's some connection. So there's in Linda. If you've joined us, if you want to introduce yourself. Hello. I got the I work at University family coordinates in Jack buh-bye. Thank you for your page. And if my pleasure, let's talk about how we make changes or support everything. I hope you didn't have to be careful about it. I'm worried. You're going to stop or ethnicities ugly. And our colleague from UBD. Good morning. Can you hear me now? Yes. I apologize. I had technical problems with connection. Hi. I am with you. I am became a malloc or from your Beatty head of quality assurance office. And I'm glad to hear to see you. And I hope I will be useful as number of focus group in the future. Thank you very much. And I think we have how we infer some college was around here. Sorry. So I think that that those were the two who joined us. And again, I'm Dr. Walker, Dr. Trina Walker from the University of New Mexico in so I want to welcome you again. We are recording this, so we just wanted to make you aware of that. And we are using the chat, which will also be saved as a text file. So feel free to enter any comments that you might have in the chat. And you are free to disconnect at any point. So we appreciate your your coming in, participating this morning with us. And we were talking about the first question. So again, the idea of the focus group is that we have a conversation and we end. A couple of you added just as we're in the middle of the conversation around the first question which is asking about your experience with the KA one site and more specifically, the new iteration of that website. And we wondered if you could tell us a little bit about that experience and then also perhaps rate that experience for us. So I invite the people who may have just joined us or further comments from our participants. However you'd like I proceed with that first question. We've tried to say some words, although I completed the survey and I didn't know that they will be invited for this to be a part of this group because I will not be belong to quality assurance obvious in PE University. But since I'm here, so I will just tell about my experience with, with our website because I saw that the pockets of this of this meeting is digitalization. And I think that it was quite a good progress. Specifically during last two years, I progress in all aspects with regard to Kosovo, occupation agency and also digitalization has as improved. And especially with this, with this E or credit team. I think that some good steps forward have been done already. And definitely I will I mean, forward. My colleague that was as a quality assurance director in PE University. And maybe she she can join this group in the future because I think that they have more to do with the activity in this section. But as far as my, my experience is concerned, I think that they have improved. Maybe it would be good to have 1 one. That's how to say. Like they have to, to, to show more news about the agency and all changes and everything that this is related to. Two new to new regulations, to two new things. They have to be to be announced through the webpage. And I think that I didn't see it so far. Maybe it is because recently I didn't uncheck it, but it was not before. So this for the time being, you think you and I want to say again, we, we invited the people who are the stake or we considered stakeholders of this process, of the accreditation process. Because we wanted to get a wide range of experience or of user experiences in this. So, so please, we are welcoming all of your voices. So, so please feel free to share any of those experiences. Are you in whatever capacity that you have interacted with KA the website. Again, we will ask about the accreditation site, but please, we're interested in all of your opinions. So either a misnomer, Morocco, since you're head of quotations, I assume you've helped quite a bit with the online platforms and the one side of the k. So any thing you want to share with us about your experience using those. Actually, I have to say a lot about about my experience with accreditation agency. But finally, we'll digitalization. I think other job at will be much more easier. Especially to upload a lot and lot for document, self-assessment report. A lot of regulation during the accreditation process for program or for institution accreditation as well. Digitalization will help us to use the spending time to declare the teaching staff and hold his series and documents and diplomas and so on. We had last week a meeting, online meeting and we'll accreditation agency and we saw that it will be much easier for us. Besides that. It's needed some some tools in the website or the EOQ quantity me to add about some details which we discussed together with you in accreditation agency. And for some questions, we don't have yet a clear answer. I think in the future, step-by-step, we will made a good communication through digitalization in terms of reducing the spending times 2 to make easier and faster this whole process. Until now. It's very good. I think it's a pretty huge work done in digitalization. As I said, we need some details more to add in the website, especially in academia. So is there anything specifically about your user experience, for example, for example, that is just for example, a request that to write a faculty. A private college. We cannot have the faculty by the, by the administration, by the low, by, I don't know by whom, but we cannot declare as a faculty. We can say the program. After that, it allows side that to call as a department. What is exactly the department? I don't understand. It's not faculty, it's not program. What is that? And we don't know what to write there. Sometimes they are some some some maybe legal, maybe technical issues. What we can discuss together. Okay. Anything else? Okay. During a lot during the during the meeting. And I hopefully it will be this will not be our last meeting together. Professor Walter, maybe we'll invite us in the, in the future another meetings to make sure to give our contribution there and for specific detailed step-by-step. So let's just follow a moment. Thank you. Thank you. Other comments? And Arthur website maybe even thinking about some of the features that you particularly inclined. You can, like we've touched on this a little bit, but if there were other experiences that you'd like to bring up that you want to make us aware of. If I could, please. I would suggest that. Key adds another, let's say, item in the website which would be the consultation process of all the documentation that is being, let's say, proposed worked so that the community understands how these processes are done. Who has taken part in the consultation process, give an opportunity for different stakeholders to contribute to the consultation process. I've seen it present in other Quality Assurance Agency websites. And I think the consultation process is very important for our k. So that for example, let's say they, they prepare a new guidelines or standards. And before they decide, they have wider consultation process. Not only with some, let's say, project participants and some two or three participants, but to have a wider consultation process so that the pope community, the public, but also the main stakeholders, the universities and other higher education institutions, be aware of what's happening and have an opportunity to comment on the policy, on guidelines and other processes involved. I think this would be very good and would be viewed very well also from the agent agency that evaluate pursue accreditation agency because this was one of the mean concerns that we always had a new regulation 10 days before that when it started immediate implementation. So this has been a recurring problem for the purpose of accreditation agency. And the second issue, which is for me very weird, is the confirmation process about students and programs. I haven't seen this role in any other accreditation agencies. I think this is it. I don't know what's the purpose and how is this serving the reputation of higher education institutions. This may be also should be looked and see how much time will pursue accreditation agency leave give to that process, which is not typical purpose of what the preferred accreditation agencies, what has the reputation at universities or the legalities or whatever their problems should be monitored by other, also other institutions and not have a reputation like when you see confirmation for teacher about diplomas and about whether the students have graduated from appropriate program and that program that, that gives an impression that our higher education institutions are cheating or doing something. And then K is Guarding, guarding that. So I think this for me is the main concern because wheres is that a problem, really, what the institutions are doing? And then second is this the role of k. I may add something. Pamela asked me about specific details about the website or something like this. Maybe maybe just to reply to Barbara and then you can Mr. vacuum, you can continue. Yes. So actually, as we are signed year to discuss recording the physical processes, we know that a lot of problems with your racing now Barber are inherited also from this, some processes that are not public. So far we have discussed also with another stake holders. And currently we are, and we are having a new concept that will be integrated. We will propose to integrate in the website like a progress bar, where people are following each of the steps that are of each of the steps within the key processes that they need to follow in order to have a new program or institutional accreditation. And for each of the processes are for each of the steps, there will be identified guidelines, information related to that step, and won't be given extra explanation in case there needs to be clarification. Otherwise. So for what we have done, it's just that we try to give extra explanation on the existing points. It's not, but we have identified something new, we propose new. Otherwise we should end up on the open discussion. Allow for everyone to, everyone to command or modify or add their suggestion. Within this focus group, it's just that we would like to emphasize, recharge these digital processes or digital services that you will, or you are eager to see in the year accreditation photo or within the website in order to facilitate this? If I may say this, this dissatisfaction of the communication, but you are having within the prompts at all the processes, not only the accreditation, but even on the extra explanation what you would like to have and the other movie communication that you are already establishing with a K. So maybe Mr. more melodic, you can continue. Thank you. Thank you very much. Just a small detail. For example, in website, in the link by link decisions. Why the public institution? The institution are divided in public and private. It's that have any meaning or any prejudgment. Know it's for a specific reason because them on higher education categorizes institutions within those. So, and a lot of cases, external stakeholders need to know what is a public institution, what is a private institution? Because we do get requests like that for information. What the law, what Calc. By a low, they are equal. They are equal but one divided government or our public institutions, while all other ones are private institutions. Currently. Niche now more Soren know all we know so far we would mark inspect took a digital process. I'm not propose something on the discussion month terms or discussion of the keywords that actually just because within the website we'd have them split. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. I understood where we have to discuss, just that is allowed us to discuss. Thank you very much. Okay. Cadences that if you have something else, you can approve lucky director or the key a stock in order to make extra explanation for the terms that they are using. It shows that we have one hour and we would love to hear your opinion and to have your new ideas that possibly we could integrate even in depth or in the accreditation portal that will facilitate your work in the future. There other information that you'd like to share about the website? So I'm not hearing any and I'm not seeing anybody on mute for it. Was that yeah. Yeah, sure. Yeah. I just wanted to add. So I'm going through the website and once you go to the, your pass the public and private dilemma, then you go to the institution and then you click. If a stakeholder, let's say an external stakeholder, they trying to enroll at a college or university. Wants to know what kind of programs are accredited, They have to go. But back to the announcements that the Kosovo accreditation makes in the beginning and then see which program is to credit it. So I think this area should be reserved with data, as Barbara said, regarding the institution. But say a short description may be an interactive board where the programs are obese, are seen which one has a head? On the third cycle of accreditation or second cycle, which one is the first cycle accreditation. And then maybe other information which can be useful to the student that is trying to register. On top of that. I think sometimes because you guys are only seven or eight people that you work there and sometimes we cannot get on the phone. And in many cases are questions sometimes cannot be answered through the phone or the answer that you give us is not bound by law. So is there a possibility to integrate a chat which we can get that quicker answers, but at the same time, the chat can serve as a reference point in case we made a decision or we fall. It's something that you guys said. And then we reference to the, to the chat box that say that, okay, on this date, we asked Will this Professor be accepted in that program? And just a general, a pin or something. Even less happy than whether the professor will be accepted as a head of the program. So I think these areas can be improved because right now all the decisions are not even. I mean, there are decisions that are scanned and then if we want to go and see them, we can view them, but then we have to download them, we have to read them. Sometimes the accreditations or remove for up for certain programs and the student will not know which programs are accredited. Yeah. And instead of just downloading the decision, you can have an overview of the institution. For example, pick the mass change the name. Because sometimes institutions can change the name so you can know how to follow the the history of that institution. And then also just say it's accredited. It has these programs are accredited and the latest report and accreditation and not just download the accreditation decision, which if you download it, it may be very specific for only three programs that were accredited in the last year. So it's not really understandable for the public. And it shouldn't be understandable. And you can follow many examples like that. It's not very, you know, rocket science. And another thing that borderless that and I think in the beginning was the comparison of the standards, let's say seven standards that are for the accreditation of the program. And then 11, That's the chapters that are for the accreditation of the institutions where you can make comparison and progress of the individuals. And I agree with that only if the same expert evaluates those programs because it's a point of subjectivity of whether you had a professor who was an external evaluator that is more lenient towards applied science and somebody that is heavily involved in blue sky research or something like that. So I would be careful because then it will be a, a reference point and a threshold for students to say that, oh, this is better just because an expert evaluated certain institutions better than the other on those seven standards. Just to avoid the subjectivity, the decision that should not be subject to the so I think that would improve the process in the future. Okay. So just so I can recap to keep it from my own notes. So apart because right now basically the only thing within the profiles that we have on a website or a decision. I'm the expert reports. Yes. You would want to add data like description of the profile of the institution, softer latest statistics regarding the evaluations and things like that? Yeah. Okay. And an interactive board of what programs are accredited. Tell me I think that the moments Yeah. Thank you for them. Other suggestions about features that you would like to see or features that were not helpful that you don't think, you know, I could've sworn that I saw statistics somewhere. Somewhere, but we're having a bit of a problem with that one. So it just keeps showing zeros for some reason, even though the numbers and I, again get that to function. I think that's a very big plus. And get that to function. Okay. Burden one is a bit limited because it only shows like student number. I don't that's still very interesting. No, no. I agree. Yeah. But I think we won't talk. So look, also just FYI, we are currently working at having something more specific with an agency for reports and statistics teacher, which is plan of the restructuring of decay for the future. So we will definitely try to have some dedicated people within our agency who can work at these things so we can keep the HIEs all around crystal as well informed as possible because they assume you have a lot of people who are doing research and agree these kinds of statistics for reports as well. Yeah, if we can get it at you, where would we get it? So I think that would be great. Yes, definitely. So we're definitely looking into that. So I'm not promising any short-term solution for it. But hopefully within at least let's say one year, we will definitely have something more concrete on the front. The reason why we need the research, because I'm looking at the website and the presentation that you had yesterday with a project that you want from the American, US Embassy. And I can see that from the pie chart. In 2019, 2020, 6% of the institutions were non-compliant with the standard of research. And then the past year, 54 percent. So what happened there? And that's some of the data that we need to look at because its range from 6% to 54%. Either the, something happens to those professors that didn't produce any researched or something happened because I think in most cases is the subjectivity of the expert. Okay. Okay. So do you have any other comments in regards to some of your main liked or disliked features with an institution. Should we move on? Also, I think we have one more person who joined the meeting again to your customer. Hi again throwing can you hear us? Okay. I guess not. So it's just okay. So the next question is going to follow up on the E accreditation site. And so I know that we began that a little bit with that first question, but we can look at that more specifically. You think about your experiences with that. You know, if you wanted to share with us some of your comments or share experiences, rate those experiences, whatever you'd like to tell us about your interactions with the accreditation site. And again, we started that a little bit. Please continue to have started saying no barter. You had had started us on thinking about the new accreditation if you fighter to begin. Well, yes, I'm just looking at the profile now. I see my profile does the teacher, but I'm familiar with access as also in other roles in the past. So what I can say is I agree with the colleague from, YOU BET, that currently you cannot you cannot put, for example, Faculty your program even if you wish to. Because these are concepts that are reserved, faculty is reserved for the university. And if you are in college or let's say like like we are, then you cannot I think you, you don't have the entries the entries to do to do so. And this is mostly because it's not these terms are not based on the legal guidelines. These terms are based on some unwritten guidelines that were done before by the key aka. So with the law, higher education institutions can have the, have the autonomy to for the institutional organization. So I think this is something that needs to be reflected in the improvements in the future. Now, what are the things that would concern me was about, you know, what kind of data is guarded and how they are safeguarded by the poster, what readaptation agency and who they are share do they have the policy in place for securing the data they gather from us? Because besides personal data that they gather, they also gathered data from the Kosovo tax administration. So this is one of the concerns that should be addressed because Kosovo accreditation agency should be an institution that Because we have a new law on data protection and in Kosovo we have problems with data protection. So they could be, let's say, a model for data protection. And so these things are not really well established. I think the data is gathered. Nothing. We have as information, how that data is saved, and who accesses that data and things like that. So this is something that should be addressed. And then there is a calendar view where you can put the year and the semester. And I think other data is gathered through ministry in physical format. So for example, right now we are sending data about engagement to the ministry. And then the same thing guys gathered here. It's too much work for professors just to say, where am I teaching? So I think this should be addressed also. I don't know how the state still many features don't work in a team. Can anyone else? Just to give one hand? So actually regarding data protection point, as you can see, the domain of the website now it has changed and this under the sub-domain of the customer, Republic of customer. So this is one study has been done, so forth from peeing. So and now we will proceed further also with a policy that you are mentioning. We will note here within the document that it is required to C also who is accessing and what is exact thing. However, regarding with comments that we received from new board vandals from vacuum, It's a good point to make it like to show the data entry based on the role that you're accessing and not to show everything in one role and then a lot of inputs doesn't work at all. So this creates some frustration. So besides this, I think we need also to discuss here together where, whether it's, it's not about only data, reputation or replication between minus KA. It's a very good point when we've mounted, However, entering the data here, Ethan, but we haven't changed everything. Does it make also this point to discuss and how do you see this should be monadic. Why? Because they go back or change for what you want to see other than those features that you are seeing now in the crib equation. Just a question please. If I can. For example, when we applying for the new program, should we use an upside? A drop-down list of the programs at Cannes? Every every institution added the name of the new program. I mean, within the website at the moment, all we are doing because of the workload and we don't have an IT at the moment. Unfortunately, we uploaded, so people have to check with that. But I mean, based on suggestions and also it would be a lot more easy and accessible to just have sort of like a database that then would be able to access through filtered version. And, and, and if it is a new program with a new name, show really new name. If it is not in the drop-down list, in the list of the programs. And we add a new name, a new program in the website. Can we added that or just broke something foolish will be in the website. I mean, you would have to contact us because we cannot put anything on there unless we have any irritation at the fact that our will we will make a request to you and you too to put the name in the website. I can add either that, please. Colleges. After that. It will it will be reasonable for everybody. The new name of the program. Yeah, definitely. Data protection because the program is not that it's in the process of accreditation. After the accreditation I can accept, but before I don't have afforded, we will not publish anything unless we have any coefficient decision. We will not publish the name of a program on our website saying that it is accredited or anything of the like. Okay. Thank you. So everything accredited but republished, it will be searchable. And some of the colleagues, goodness, the mansion and those that are in process, they will be mature. We know that the need to wait for the decision of a final decision was made. That decision will be allowed to modify the existing list of problems. How can you thank you. Thank you. And I understood. All right. I think you are gonna make a law professor can already access key and their thoughts about the accreditation system. So one large part of the equitation purpose was the declaration of academic staff. Have you run into any specific issues with that that you maybe think we should be addressing through this process and this feasibility study. Okay, so the platform work perfectly so we don't have to change in regards to academic style declarations. I think we have different roles felt more, it's not, but we should conclude that bit towards perfect grade book. It says that no, no. I'm just trying to get people to answer. Yes. I understood. Because I know that there's a lot of issues because we do get a lot of complaints about it, like server being strained on the last week or fused to the wounded deadline is open. People having trouble accessing their old password and things like that. So I mean, just especially for the people who are working with politicians, any feedback in that regard would be very valuable to us because we do need to make some changes. But for me, I add one question, professor Walker. Of course. Yeah. It doesn't make any sense to add some information regarding because kingdoms that would like to approach a program or parents or put like to have information about the program? Where do you think about this issue? Should we get more information regarding the program institution will then Wiki website or should we provide links that link with a particular institution? From your perspective? I think we already covered that issue. We would like to have an institutional profile with mean data and access to links maybe because other than that rhythm wiki, yes. Why not? A public profile? Yes. Okay. Noted. To add a little bit, I think the KA website is structured, structured in a way, academically. If you're an academic person, you will understand what's going on. But you should know that your audience isn't just the professors and these faculties, your audience is way wider. So to have that in mind, make it more friendly. And yes, having having descriptions on different institutions, I think it's it's a plus. Those descriptions don't have to be in any form. Positive nor negative. You're just stating facts about. And I think that would be very informative for your wide audience. And the wild biochemists. Mrt train, you're asked us to rate your website from one to ten, maybe. That will be done, will be great. Hello, hello readers. Well, I'm a little bit of a tough person, but I gave it an 8.5 because that's not very generous of you. I think the changes are very minor and they will be very well implemented. That's my thought. Great. Thank you. Minor changes with a big effect, a bottle effect. If I if I make regarding the credit team, when you go to the to confirm the staff. And then this is something that the quality assurance office does in the end to confirm the staff that are declared for our institution. And sometimes some of our staff don't know the rules very well and they upload documents incorrectly or they are choosing, let's say, a verification of four, that they are not working in a different country lab, but they are dragging at different documents. So we have to go and double-check all of these documents in the end. And then once you go to the profile of each individual, it's our job to go to the document and then we see a list of documents, but you have to download every one of them in order to see what's there. So is there a possibility so we don't have to download each doc and individually, but just see whether it's correctly name and the document that they state. It's actually that documents. Can we have a preview? So I don't know if you can open the academia, but once you go to the document, I think our coil, let's say under the CBI, you have to download the CV first in order to see what's there. Why not just an I? And then you just preview. Instead of downloading each duck and individual that this will stay with us I loved. Understand. No, I definitely agree would make it more usable and just makes a lot more sense because you don't want to fill up your computer with a bunch of files you don't really need, you just want to have a look at at the moment? No, because the way they built a system several years ago when they did it, the only option was downloaded documents directly. Why did we aren't working at getting some more support in regards to maintaining and actually updating the system. So I'll definitely put that down on one of the recommendations because I understand it's a pain to have to download every document and then open and then close it again and go back to the list. And now we have to delete the previous diplomas, Maastricht, nitrification, dark, and that's all we have to put in one document as you guys stated last week. Yeah. Could you imagine if we had to do this? I mean, it's it's a bit of a hassle. I will definitely take note of that. So you have also noticed this myself. It's not just within P accreditation, but it's also for the website. So we are looking at options at how we can make previews possible within the system that you're looking at, whether it's the website or the equitation platform. And probably with the data that you're gathering and to improve the info graphics. So for example, we could have, let's say, specific, what kind of awards are given, what kind of fields of studies, so that we can know and see trends. So Frankl, where our students starting In, in which how many or what percentage is in economics in business law is that changing? So that this could be really done easily because you have the data and you could maybe do some dev spores in order to, to see if we can generate other data from that. But the basic data, like what type of awards? And we know that we had five awards before now, less and the other employment information. So I think this could be done easily. Yeah. We definitely have to be running through the application. We do usually ask you to also identify the European subject error code for each program. So definitely think that is one of the tools we could use to actually categorize programs and then make them more displayable for web. But again, that's a great suggestion, so we'll definitely take note of that. And that is why we're here to hear your opinions, what what you would like to see, what works well for you now, what would you like to see as improvements? And that, that is we're going to be kind of our, our ultimate idea here is to get your ideas for recommendations for the future. I know we've talked a little bit about that. So if we could just think about your overall opinion of the digitalization process so far. And then we can hear from you, I hope more recommendations for website for the accreditation, usability. We've gotten some great suggestions so far, but please um, I you know, we we've got about 15 minutes. I want to make sure that we've heard from everyone. If you have other ideas, opinions, additional conversation? Yes, I would like to. I was just searching I mean, that webpage as I said, my colleague should try they think that joint but I don't know she's lost connection because they're having problems in PEO Internet today. And and I wanted to just to ask about this. If you see in the website, you will find this decision for accreditation for programs. And currently they're they're just shown this reservation that took place during 2020. Mom, I don't know whether this is the policy of the accommodation agency, but I would say that since you have listed all years, I think from 2008 or nine and you put that just recently. I mean, I created the progress. And I think that for students, for parents, and for society in general, it would be much better to have all programs currently or old programs in public and private institutions. To be shown easily to the people. Maybe I didn't I didn't get because I check that very quickly. And colleague from from from the agency can can answer to this. But only decision from last accreditations, I think that there is not enough. So better to see also the history to see the, I mean, for institutions because it is very much more informative. For example, for people, for students, and for confidence what they decide to approach a certain, certain institutions. Thanks. Okay. Thank you very much. So any other comments? Remarks, no direction. The video with the next question that I guess that that really is where we were going to end up as a final prompt was to think about future recommendations. And then I know we've we've had that as part of the conversation up to now in so maybe you can just think about that as things that you hadn't had opportunity to include yard or on the other ideas based on conversation. You've heard from colleagues. Other ideas for us because again, the, the idea of, of producing this report is to have an idea of users current experiences, which you've been so kind to share with us. And then also some ideas for moving forward in the future. Which again, I know you've had a lot of ideas. I've been taking a lot of notes on those. But what I want to make sure that we record all of your thoughts on these, if there's anything else you'd like to share. Now since you're starting with the digitalization technologies, great, but it's also risky. Every, you know, throughout the year, the KA is going to have a lot of attention when everybody is announcing their academic staff or whatever. You're going to have a lot of attention on your website. And I would actually highly suggest that you prevent the shutting down because every time we've had to deal with websites and everything, they've had a lot of attention on them. The site would shut down and I find that very, very annoying. So if you could like look into the future and prevent that, I think that's going to make this website very professional. And another concern with technology, even though technology is great for your data, I would have different completely different surveys or mechanics computers that hold onto your information as as the secure deposit. So I would I would secure the information on two completely different spaces because you never know. It's a risky move, but I think it's the it's a great one. In the website, it says continuous quality control in accredited institutions. Let's say an institution is having minor issues with that. Completing your standard. Do offer anything to help as K because I don't really find that anywhere in the website. Besides that, you do quality control, but is it under the KA responsibility to offer trainings or help or not? Trainings. But suppose we want to work on, so we are here to help institutions in whatever way we can. Of course, those two how and what we can do because we do have to make sure that everybody is treated fairly and equally. But we can certainly offer support in forms of consultations and suggestions. And he's like, Great, I would put that in the website. Because if an institution might needed, but they're not aware they needed and they see it. They could ask for it. Here is your idea that that would be also digitalized and so on. When, when you don't look for the process, they can find it without. Maybe it's the middle of the night where people are and on the staff aren't on duty, that it would be less reliant on staff? Well, if you put it like that, I think that's great. Yeah. Good work. Oh, I'm not making a suggestion. I'm sorry. I I just wanted to to to do I found very affect us. Oh, yeah. Okay. Thank you. Buh-bye. Other ideas. Again, thinking about the digitalization process and making, making life easier for the institutions, for the teaching faculty. You know, everyone that's involved in the process. To make life easier, not to make it more difficult, I think is the goal of digitalization. So if you think of it that way and maybe without lens, if there are other things about Web, say the accreditation, the digitalization process itself. And we're, we're winding down. So I just want to make sure that we've had everyone should have wanted to, to express their opinions, to feel welcomed in this process, to feel that they had opportunity, that their voice has been hard on this. So please, if you have those things, you can share them. I think maybe I am. Once the complete process is completed and we are asked to send the SIR report to their accreditations. And what we're doing is we're putting everything into this to me sometimes. So I mean, we're going back in times like retro gates. And what we can do is maybe put a feature on equity team where we can put all this with the syllabi and regulations that we have within the institution. I went through the re-accreditation process for my family's private clinic at the Ministry of how digital process is very easy. So all the processes, except for evaluation because they do it physically, is done on mice. So all the documents are uploaded over there. So maybe what we can do is not now, but maybe in the near future we can think about introducing the idea of uploading cell. And then maybe we can uploaded a month before and have some consultation with accreditation officer whether we have put all the documents and we have achieved the indicators that they say. We have gone through an accreditation process with England, with an accreditation agency in England. And it throughout the whole process, they were supporting us. And we submitted the final document. We were sure that we have necessary information. So maybe in the near future, this will be the role of maybe not just monitoring from the agency, but also supporting in the sense that, you know, through trainings and to other activities. Yes. So that's definitely something we're looking into it. And also from my personal experience with international agencies, that is a big part of the work where they evaluate, also pre, evaluate exactly arrived. So that's definitely something at the moment, as you already mentioned beforehand. We are very limited staff, so unfortunately, it's almost near to impossible for us to go in and read all the reports that we get on a daily basis during the Cretaceous period. But hopefully with increase human capacities in the future, we'll be able to do this. I'll go make some people from a bear more than they need or what makes up. Thank you for that comment. There's something we have discussed internally and something we definitely want to also tackle because it would make the job in general, it's a lot easier for experts and for the institution and for everyone and just generally be a big boost to the quality of the reports that arrive. So definitely something we're looking into. Kenya. I just added a link here in the Czech. Talk to all of you and maybe you quote, you need more time to reflect and to Command Y using the app or Yathrib think shampoo. And in case you have any suggestion is total error name so you can get there. And we will only open for the rest of the day. Kim. Other, other ideas or comments? We're actually at the end of our questions. And I take it by your silence that you're you're feeling that you've had opportunities to to have have your voices heard today. I hope that is the case. Any questions for us before we end our session? So again, I want to thank you all for participating. I think this is very valuable information they've shared with us. Again, it is the idea of making all of this more accessible, more user-friendly. And I really thank you all stakeholders for helping us in providing us that data for our next steps in this process. So, so thank you again. I hope you have a very nice day and help us happy. So this this is something that I heard someone here today say. So I wanted to say it again step-by-step, all of us together. So thank you again. Yes. And also thank you very much from the agency side for participating today and for all the valuable information that you've shared with us. So we are trying to make life as easy as possible for both US and EU institution since we are kind of dependent on one another. So hopefully in the future we'll be able to just make things easier burger, but they don't even better as we go into a cuvette. Thanks everyone. Bye, bye. Bye. Okay. So it's just us again. Yeah. Yeah. So bad. I actually we've got We got some pretty good information. I was really interested in the person you, from a student perspective had navigated this and now from university scientists navigating this. A, I think she spoke more from the user side than other people did. I'm just about public user. Yeah. And so I think that that was a really good representation of that perspective. So I'm really happy that she I was a little worried that she might not stay because it kind of turned more university focused. But she stayed and then kept contributing to the end. And her points, I think about parents knew and that's what we heard before. You know, it needs to be accessible to a wide range of users and not just a university people. So why don't I think that was pretty good. Oh, wait. Recording off. Yeah.